Updated bot parameterization docs (#1736)
UMAprotocol/protocol: documentation/synthetic_tokens/tutorials/bot_parameterization.md

```bash
EMP_ADDRESS=0xDe15ae6E8CAA2fDa906b1621cF0F7296Aa79d9f1
MNEMONIC=sail chuckle school attitude symptom tenant fragile patch ring immense main rapid
# Be sure to replace with your mnemonic.
COMMAND=npx truffle exec ../disputer/index.js --network kovan_mnemonic
```

### Possible disputer config options

- `DISPUTER_CONFIG` [optional]: enables the override of specific bot settings. Contains the following sub-settings:
  - `disputeDelay`: Amount of time to wait after the request timestamp of the liquidation to be disputed. This makes the reading of the historical price more reliable. Denominated in seconds.
  - `txnGasLimit`: Gas limit to set for sending on-chain transactions.
- `DISPUTER_OVERRIDE_PRICE`[optional]: override the disputer input price. Can be used if there is an error in the bots price feed to force disputes at a given price.

## Monitor bots

The monitor bots are used to monitor the UMA ecosystem for key events. They have a number of monitor modules built into them that enable real time reporting on key events for a given EMP contract. The monitor can report on the following:

> - **Balance Monitor**: specify a list of set of key wallets to monitor. Send alerts if their collateral synthetic or ether balance drops below define thresholds.

Author: I've refined it, that wording was a bit clunky. thanks for being so thorough!

- **Contract Monitor**: send alerts when liquidation, dispute & dispute settlement events occure.
- **Collateralization ratio monitor**: monitor a given positions CR and send alerts if it drops below a given threshold.
- **Synthetic peg monitor**: monitor an EMP's synthetic and reports when the synthetic trading off peg there is high volatility in the synthetic price or there is high volatility in the reference price.

### Minimum viable monitor config:

> The config below will start up a monitor bot that will: 1) send messages when new liquidations, alerts or disputes occur, 2) fire if there is large volatility in the synthetic or underlier price. It wont report on any wallet or CR monitoring as no params have been defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The config below will start up a monitor bot that will: (1) send messages when new liquidations, alerts, or disputes occur and (2) fire if there is large volatility in the synthetic or price of the underlying. It wont report on any wallet or CR monitoring as no params have been defined.
```

The monitor bots are used to monitor the UMA ecosystem for key events. They have a number of monitor modules built into them that enable real time reporting on key events for a given EMP contract. The monitor can report on the following:

> - **Balance Monitor**: specify a list of addresses to monitor. Send alerts if their collateral synthetic or ether balance drops below define thresholds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Balance Monitor**: specify a list of addresses to monitor. Send alerts if their collateral synthetic or ether balance drops below defined thresholds.
```
